Peter Rivera-Concannon
ITM-352-002, Prof. Kazman
9/8/2021
UI Basic Technical Essay

Browser History 1-
  When I first started Browser History 1, I was confident but skeptical. I have had multiple coding classes in the past were we learned CSS, HTML, Blocks, and other systems. I have always had trouble retaining it though and I am hoping these will help me get better at retaining this info. For Browser History 1, we learned how to start a basic html site. And I was tasked to create a simple website about the History of Browsers that contained a Title, Table of Contents (with links to the websites of the browsers written about, an introduction section, and brief histories of Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, and Google. Before starting I tried to make sure that I understood the basic coding and other information from class time that would help me complete this task correctly and in a timely manner. 
  In my first run I was able to finish the site and made sure it was correct but that was after 20 minutes so I was only in the Standard category. I was stumbling on formatting the images that were given to us. In the instructions step seven had three links to images of the three browser's symbols to use as the images. It said they should be displayed with a width of 100px, I took this as it should already be in 100x100 format. So I just misunderstood the instructions and fixed their formats to complete the assignment. I completed another run and finished it within the advanced time section which I felt good with knowing I can do this confidentally, but I wasn't satisfied. So I did the Browser History for a thid time and finished with an RX time section score. So I felt much better after doing so. Overall this was a good start to this format of assesing myself and making sure I know what I am doing.

Browser History 2-
  Browser History 2 gave me much more troule than I expected. As I stated in the last post, I have taken past coding courses but have had trouble retaining the code after that semester. I do remember a decent amount of html, but CSS I forogt about. I understood what CSS sheets did, their purpose, and how it can be used efficientially, but I forgot the code language. So before starting this I studied the basic CSS tags and got started on my first run, lets say it did not got as planned. I reached the DNF time and knew I needed to learn the content more so the next time I finish the assignement with a much better time. I got stuck many times when I entered the coding and the page would not update for a couple of minutes. At first I thought it was the website just not loading correctly but I changed the website name (because that was done on the last browser history) and I refreshed the page and it changed so I knew I was just messing it up. After I watched the video to see how Professor Port formatted his in the video. This video is super helpful and really helped me understand the task at hand better. 
  On my second attempt I felt much better and finished with an Av time, but I knew I could do better. I attempted again and got just over the Rx time, so I attempted it once more and got an Rx grade. This one helped me learn alot more about the basiscs of CSS sheets and making them work alongside html docs.

Browser History 3-
  Browser History 3 helped me learn more about making my websites aethetically pleasing and more appealing an better spaced rather than basic and "blocky". In this one, we were tasked to reformat the page to make the Index horizontally laid out and without a title, and to make each passage of text be their own column, lined up side to side, respective to their browsers. Although this seemed like a short and easier task it was not. I personally found it more difficult because there was not more desription/instruction for what to actually enter for this one. So on my first attempt I stuggled alot. And as you could guess I DNF'd. I got stuck on many parts and could not finish some as well, so right after I watched the video to understand what to do. After watching it multpile times I understood that I was using different tags than intended, or at least different ones than Professor Port. (Looking back at it the wayI had it setup and the tags I used would have worked if I correctly formatted it but I used the incorrectly).
  Before my next attempt I made sure I understood what Prof. Port did and how he used his coding. On this attempt I felt much better doing so and finished with an Ad time (If im sure). After this Browser History I felt much better and more comforatble with using CSS and Html sheets in tandem.
